the use of water treatment chemicals is
necessary to prevent scale corrosion and
microbial growth in your cooling tower
or boiler however there are numerous
ways to deliver these chemicals to your
system here is a typical setup using
three chemicals provided in large drums
a pump delivers the chemical to the
cooling tower or boiler but what if you
could replace that heavy drum of liquid
chemical with a small jar of
concentrated solid chemistry and a solid
dissolving system the chemical in both
instances is the same but the solid
chemistry provides for an easier
delivery method and overall cleaner look
to your installation the solid dissolver
requires no electricity to operate a
simple sand weighted float provides for
the opening and closing of the valve as
the reservoir level drops the float
drops and opens the valve allowing fresh
water to spray through a nozzle the
nozzle spray dissolves the solid
chemical and collects the solution in
the reservoir below as the reservoir
level rises the float Rises and shuts
off the valve
now what if you could eliminate the
hassle of using diaphragm pumps to
deliver the chemical with virtually no
maintenance automatic priming and a
delivery rate up to 450 gallons per day
the hydro dose adductor system is the
solution by using simple line water
pressure the hydro dose uses venturi
technology to create a vacuum by which
the chemical is abducted into the
delivery stream the perfect combination
solid dissolving technology and adductor
delivery
you